README.MD, before:

DataInitializer provides 4 defaults users.
You can login as patient using usernames: Patient1 or Patient2
You can login as doctor using usernames: Doctor1 or Doctor2
all of them has same password: test

Patient's portal is available for users logged as Patient and provides functionalities:

1) patient can change his photo by choosing jpg or png file from his computer
2) patient can see history of his visits and eventually cancel upcoming one
3) patient can make new visit, after choosing available doctor patient will be redirected to new-visit page 
when he can choose available time slot


Doctor's portal is available for users logged as Doctor and provides functionalities:
1) Doctor can see old and upcoming visits
2) Doctor can choose certain visit and add note to it
3) Doctor can check patients data by typing patients pesel
4) Doctor can add his availability days


Our Doctor page doesn't require logging in and provides informations about doctors such as:
1) photo
2) name
3) surname
4) specialization


On doctor-portal you can check patients history of diseases by entering patients pesel, try these:
* 21212121211 
* 12121212121

Commit message:

README.MD / disabled csrf for api endpoints /  directory with screenshots for README.MD / docker-compose.yaml / added contract.txt (contract for swagger editor) /  small adjustment of buttons position in new-visit.html / added refreshToken and new accessToken to application.yaml

README.MD, after:

Project contains:
* Entity RelationShip Diagram - check out ERD.jpg
* Swagger-UI - after running project localy you can check it out at: http://localhost:8087/medconnect/swagger-ui/index.html or copy contract from Contract.txt and paste it to: https://editor.swagger.io/ 
* docker-compose.yaml contains instructions for creating container. To create docker container run "gradle build" command and then "docker compose up -d"
 

![Tytuł alternatywny](screenshots/HomePage.png)

DataInitializer.class provides 4 defaults users while starting project.
You can login as patient using usernames: Patient1 or Patient2
You can login as doctor using usernames: Doctor1 or Doctor2
all of them has same password: test


Our Doctor page doesn't require logging in and provides information about doctors:


   ![Tytuł alternatywny](screenshots/OurDoctors.png)

User can register as new patient:

   ![Tytuł alternatywny](screenshots/Register.png)
 
Patient's portal is available for users logged as Patient and provides functionalities:

1) patient can change his photo by choosing jpg or png file from his computer
2) patient can see history of his visits and eventually cancel upcoming one
3) patient can make new visit, after choosing available doctor patient will be redirected to new-visit page 
when he can choose available time slot

   ![Tytuł alternatywny](screenshots/PatientPortal.png)
   ![Tytuł alternatywny](screenshots/NewVisit.png)

Doctor's portal is available for users logged as Doctor and provides functionalities:
1) Doctor can see old and upcoming visits
2) Doctor can choose certain visit and add note to it
3) Doctor can check patients data by typing patients pesel (eg. 21212121211 or 12121212121)
4) Doctor can add his availability days

   ![Tytuł alternatywny](screenshots/DoctorPortal.png)
   ![Tytuł alternatywny](screenshots/screenshot1.png)
